The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): Mr. Speaker, Sir, I beg to reply, no.
Mr.Wabuge: Mr. Speaker, is the Minister aware that his Parliamentary Secretary has several times made public statements affecting the economy of this country in the form of nationalization?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): I do not think so, Sir.
Mr. Nthenge: Mr. Speaker, can we know why. If the Minister does not think so, it appeared in the Press a number of times.
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): The Parliamentary Secretary, Mr. Speaker, was speaking as a Member of Legislative Council not as a Member of the Government.
Mr. Wabuge: Arising from the Minister's reply, does the Minister support such statements or not?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): I have already told you so, if you will listen.
Mr. Wabuge: Mr. Speaker, Sir, if the Minister says he does not support the statements made by his Parliamentary Secretary, is he prepared to discipline his Parliamentary Secretary not to make such statements?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): It all depends, Mr. Speaker, on what kind of disciplinary action he wants to take. I think we have already explained.
Mr. Nthenge: Mr. Speaker, may we know the ones he is prepared to give his Parliamentary Secretary?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): No, Sir, I do not think I need to explain further than what I have already said.
Mr. Murgor: Mr. Speaker, Sir, arising from the original reply, could the Minister tell the House why there is no such planning?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): Can he make himself clear in what he wants to say?
Mr. Murgor: Mr. Speaker, the original answer was, "No" Could the Minister tell us why it was no?
The Speaker (Mr. Slade): That Supplementary does not make sense, Mr. Murgor.
Mr. Towett: Mr. Speaker, Sir, could the Minister tell the House when a Parliamentary Secretary is a private citizen and when he is a Member of Government?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): I think my hon. friend has extended his philosophical ideas too far.
Mr. Nthenge: Mr. Speaker, we feel that the last question was reasonable and we wish it to be answered.
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): I have already answered.
Mr. Towett: Mr. Speaker, Sir are we being told that a Minister or a Parliamentary Secretary are two persons in one?
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta). I think you know that more than I do.
Mr. Nthenge: Mr. Speaker, can we have a statement from the Ministry disassociating itself from the statement made by the Parliamentary Secretary.
The Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs and Economic Planning (Mr. Kenyatta): I think you have already had it, if you were listening, and I do not think there is any need to make any more statements.
